Privacy Policy
Live Football Moments (referred to as "the App") is provided by GroupNoda as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service.

1. Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. Links to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app include:

Google Play Services

AdMob

Wortise (Ad Mediation)

2. Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

3. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly; however, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.

4. Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services, or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

5. Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

6. Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.

7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2026-05-12

8. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at groupnoda@gmail.com.
